This is a quality test for the upgraded TikTok video generator.
We're testing proper text margins that respect both left and right boundaries.
No text should ever fall off the screen edges.
We're also testing smooth scrolling text animation, like a teleprompter or movie credits.
The text should scroll upward smoothly rather than cramming everything on screen at once.
And finally, we have background music.
A subtle lo-fi beat generated with ffmpeg.
The video should not be silent.
These improvements make the videos much more professional and engaging.
Font sizes are readable.
Transitions are clean.
And everything stays within safe margins.
This is what quality TikTok content looks like.
Thank you for watching this test.
Follow at jcagentleman for more AI agent content.